Butternut Squash and Brussels Sprout Salad

This easy to prepare Butternut Squash and Brussels Sprout Salad is anything but ordinary. It is
a salad with bold flavors that makes for an easy weeknight meal. I think that you will love this
Butternut Squash and Brussels Sprout Salad. Shaved brussels sprouts are topped with roasted
butternut squash, cheddar cheese, crispy bacon, and then drizzled with a lemon mustard
balsamic dressing. The Final touch is adding a sunny side up egg.

Servings 2

Ingredients
. 1 cup Chopped Butternut Squash

. 1 tablespoon Melted Butter

. Sea Salt

. Pepper

. 2 slices of Bacon

. 2 cups Shaved Brussels Sprouts

o M: cup Shredded Cheddar Cheese
. 3 tablespoons Mustard I like Stone Ground
. 1 16 tablespoons Balsamicvinegar
. 1 tablespoon Olive Oil

. 1 tablespoon LemonJuice

. a dash of Sriracha

o 2 Eggs

Instructions

1. The first step is to prepare the butternut squash. Pour it into a bowl, add the melted
butter, sprinkle in some salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Spread the squash out on a
baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees for about 35-40 minutes until soft and lightly
browned.

2. Once the squash has been roasting for 25 minutes, place the bacon on a parchment lined
baking sheet and place it in the oven. Let it cookfor 10-12 minutes, until it is as crisp as
you like. Blot the excess grease with a paper towel, and then chop the bacon up.

3. While the bacon and squash are cooking, prepare the dressing. I like to do this in a small
mason jar so thatI can easily save any extra dressing. Combine the mustard, balsamic
vinegar, olive oil, lemon juice, sriracha, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Stir to combine.
This is going to be tart, but it will be toned down when you add it to the salad.

4. Now you need to prepare the sunny side up eggs. Check the link below to learn how to
prepare perfect sunny side up eggs.

5. As soon as you start cooking the eggs, it is time to assemble the salads. Place the squash,
brussels sprouts, and cheese in a bowl. Add as much dressing as you like. Divide the salad
between two plates. Sprinkle bacon on top, and then add an egg on top of each salad.
Then eat!

