Caramelized Onion and Kale Beef Stew

Caramelized Onion and Kale Beef Stew is a delicious modern take on a classic beef stew recipe.
This is the type of dinner that requires little active preparation time, but a couple hours of
simmering, so you might want to make this a weekend project.

Servings 6 servings

Ingredients
. 2 White Onions

. 4tablespoons Butter

. 1 1/2 pounds Beef Stew Meat
. 1/2 cup of Flour

. Sea Salt

. Black Pepper

. 8 ounces Sliced Mushrooms
. 4 cloves of Garlic

. 1/2 cup Chopped Carrots

. 1/2 cup Chopped Celery

. 1 teaspoon of Thyme

. 6 cups of Beef Broth

. 2 cups Diced Potatoes

. 1 1/2 cups Chopped Kale

Instructions

1. Start by chopping the onions. You want to chop them so they are a bit bigger than you
would usually chop them for a soup. The onions will break down a bit as they caramelize.
so you want chunks of onions so that they dont completely fall apart once you add them
to the soup.

2. Melt a tablespoon of butter in the bottom of a large pot or dutch oven. Once the butter
melts, add the chopped onion and stir to evenly coat in the butter. When I caramelize
onions I like to speed up the process a little by adding1/2 cup of water, turning the heat
to medium high, and covering the pot. This softens the onions faster. Then once the
onions are soft and the most of the water has evaporated, I turn the heat down to
medium low. Keep and eye on the onions and stir frequently. After about 35-45 minutes
the onions will be golden brown. Pour them into a bowl and set aside.

3. Next you need to brown the beef. Pour the flour into a bowl and season it with salt and
pepper. Melt a tablespoon of butter in the same pot that you used to caramelize the
onions, over medium heat. Once the butter has melted, coat the beef in the flour and add
half of it to the pot. Let it cook for about 5 minutes, flipping it a couple times, until it has
browned. Once it has browned remove it from the pot and set aside. Add another
tablespoon of butter to the pot and brown the rest of the beef, and then set it aside.

4. Using the same pot, melt the remaining butter over medium heat. Once the butter has
melted, add the mushrooms and garlic. Stir frequently and cook the mushrooms until
they have lightly browned. Then add the carrots, celery, and thyme. Saute for another 4
minutes.

5. Add the beef and beef broth and bring to a slow and steady simmer. Let simmer for 1
hour and a half, until the beef is tender. Then add the potatoes and let cook for another
15 minutes. Lastly, add the kale and let cook for an additional two minutes before serving
the stew.

