Chicken Piccata

Chicken Piccata is a fantastic meal filled with fresh flavors that will have you thinking of Spring.
It is easy enough to prepare on a weeknight, but sophisticated enough to serve for a special
occasion. You might want to serve it for Easter dinner. I love the bright fresh flavors of Chicken
Piccata. The fresh lemon juice, capers, and white wine come together to create a delicious
sauce that pairs perfectly with the breaded chicken and sautéed mushrooms. Fresh pasta
soaks up the sauce and completes the meal.

Ingredients
. 2 pounds thinly cut boneless Chicken Breasts

- 2 cups Italian Breadcrumbs
o 3 Eggs whisked together

. 4 tablespoons Butter

. 1 tablespoon Olive Oil

. 8 ounces of Mushrooms

o Saltand Pepper

. 1/2 cup Chicken Broth

o the juice of1 large Lemon
. 1 tablespoon Capers

. 1/2 cup White Wine Pinot Grigio or Sauvignon Blanc
. 8 ounces Fresh Pasta

Instructions

1. Heat your oven to 275 degrees.

2. First you want to bread and sauté the chicken in batches. Melt about half of a tablespoon
of butter and a splash ofolive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Once the pan is hot, start
breading the chicken and adding it to the pan. Take the chicken breasts and coat them in
the breadcrumbs, then the eggs, and then coat them in a second layer of breadcrumbs.
Brown each side of the chicken, adding more butter to the pan as necessary. Continue
browning the chicken in batches, adding more butter and olive oil to the pan as you go.

3. Once the chicken has browned, put it in the oven at 275 degrees for 30 minutes to finish
cooking.

4. Once the chicken has been baking for 15 minutes, prepare the sauce and the pasta. Puta
pot of water on for the pasta, while you are waiting for the water to boil, get to work on
the sauce.

5. To make the sauce, meltl tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Once the
butter has melted, add the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper and stir to evenly
coat the mushrooms. The mushrooms will still be quite dry, but that is ok. Let them cook
down in the pan for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Then add the white wine and let
simmer for 3 minutes. Then add another tablespoon of butter, plus the chicken broth,
lemon juice, and capers. Bring to a steady simmer and let reduce for 5 minutes.

6. While the sauce is simmering, cook the pasta.

7. Serve the chicken on a bed of pasta with the mushrooms and sauce spooned over.

