Dark Chocolate Orange Scones

Dark Chocolate Orange Scones bring the classic Italian flavor combination of orange and dark
chocolate together with scones, a classic British pastry. Dark Chocolate Orange Scones are
flavored with orange zest and fresh orange juice for a bright fresh orange flavor. The burst of
dark chocolate gives the scones a taste that might remind you of the dark chocolate oranges
that are popular at Christmastime.

Servings 12 scones

Ingredients
. 1 Orange

. 2 cups All Purpose Flour

. 2 V2 teaspoons Baking Powder

. a pinch of Sea Salt

. 4tablespoons Cold Butter

. 3 tablespoons Granulated Sugar
. 1 Large Egg

. aboutH cup of Milk

. If cup Dark Chocolate Chips

. Ih cup Powdered Sugar

Instructions
1. Heat your oven to 425 degrees.
2. Zest the orange using a microplane. You will need 2 tablespoons of zest, Then slice the
orange in half and squeeze out 3 16 tablespoons ofjuice. Set aside.

3. In a mixing bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together. I recommend using a
whisk because it will remove any clumps.

4. Crack the egg into a one cup liquid measuring cup. Add 2 tablespoon of the orange juice,
and whisk to combine. Then add enough milk so that the mixture measure 200 ml (7
ounces). Whisk to combine.

5. Next, take a cheese grater, and use the grater to grate the butter into the flour mixture.
Then use your fingers to mix the butter into the flour, until it resembles fine
breadcrumbs. Stir in the granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons of the orange zest, and the dark
chocolate chips.

6. Use a fork and stir about M ofthe milk mixture into the flour mixture. You want the dough
to be soft and just slightly sticky. You will have some of the milk mixture leftover, and you
will need it later.

7. Place the dough on a floured surface and knead gently until the dough is evenly mixed.
Use your hands to flatten the dough until it is y, of an inch thick. Use a biscuit cutter to
form the scones, or use a knife to slice them into triangles.

8. Arrange the scones on a parchment lined baking sheet, leaving 2 fingers space between
each scone. Carefully brush the tops of the scones with the remaining milk mixture,
making sure that none of the milk mixture runs down the sides of the scones.

9. Bake the scones for 9-12 minutes, until golden brown.

10. Mix up the orange glaze by combining the powdered sugar, remaining orange zest, and
remaining orange juice. Let the scones cool for a few minutes, then brush them with the
orange glaze.

