HOMEMADE
TAGALONG
COOKIES

YIELDS 12 SERVINGS

Ingredients

0 2 stick of Butter at Room Temperature (it must be at room temp)
0 1/2 cup Powdered Sugar

o 1 teaspoon Vanilla

o 1 cupAli-Purpose Flour

0 1 cup Semolina

0 about ljar of Smooth Peanut Butter

o 1 package of Milk Chocolate Chips

Instructions

l, First, whip the butter using an electric mixer for one minute on medium speed. Then add the
powdered sugar and beat for 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and mix until combined.

2 Add the semolina, continuing to mix in the electric mixer on medium speed. Then add the all-
purpose flour 1/2 cup at a time. Mix until the ingredients are evenly incorporated.

3. Then divide the dough into two pieces, flatten into discs, cover with plastic wrap, and chill in
the fridge for at least 1 hour.

4. After the dough has chil led, heat your oven to 350 degrees. Remove the dough from the oven,
and let it soften just enough so that you can roll it out. Roll the dough out so that it is 1/8 of an
inch thick and then cut it into small circles.

5. Place the circles of dough on a parchment-lined baking sheet and chill them for 10 minutes
before baking them on a center rack in the oven for about 8- 10 minutes. You want to bake the
dough until the edges are golden brown.

6. Let the cookies cool completely, then spread a layer of peanut butter on top of each cookie.
Then place the cookies in the freezer for 30 minutes. This step is important because it
prevents the peanut butter from melting into a gooey mess when you add the hot melted
chocolate.

7. Lastly, you need to melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Fill a pot with about 4 inches of water,
and heat over medium-low heat until is steaming. You do not want the water to boil. Place a
glass or metal bowl over the pot, and pour the chocolate chips into the bowl. Stir the chocolate
until it melts.

8. Add a dal lop of melted chocolate on top of each cookie and spread the chocolate around with
an offset spatula. Let the chocolate harden before serving.

