Best Breakfast Burritos

To quote my husband, "I give this meal an A+ and I am not just saying that to be nice." I have
created the very best breakfast burritos and they are the ultimate weekend breakfast. These
are the best breakfast burritos thatI have ever had, and I love breakfast burritos. [added all of
my favorite breakfast foods: crumbled chorizo with sautéed onions, hash browns. black beans.
scrambled eggs, and cheese. Then I poured homemade poblano cream sauce on top and
added a sprinkle of chopped cilantro. What more could you want on a Saturday morning?

Servings 6

Ingredients
. about1 cup of Poblano Cream Sauce

. 2 teaspoons Olive Oil

. 1/2 a small White Onion diced
. 1/2 pound Ground chorizo

. Salt

. Pepper

. 2 tablespoons Butter

. 1 1/2 cups Hash Browns

. 6 Large FIourTortiIIas

. 1 cup Mexican Blend Shredded Cheese
. 1 cup of Black Beans

. 6 Large Eggs

. 1 tablespoon Cilantro

Instructions
1. First you want to make a batch of the Poblano Cream Sauce.
2. Next, heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and sauté until it is
translucent. Then add the chorizo and use a wooden spoon to break it into small pieces.

Cook until the chorizo has browned. Set aside.
3. Move on to preparing the hash browns. Melt the butter over medium high heat. Add the

hash browns, season with salt and pepper. Throw some hot sauce in there ifyou like. Stir
frequently and keep an eye on them while you work on the scrambled eggs. You want the
hash browns to lightly brown.

4. Whisk the eggs together. Lightly grease a skillet with butter or olive oil, and heat over
medium low heat. Add the eggs, and stir frequently. Once they begin to solidify, season
with salt and pepper. I like to cook scrambled eggs low and slow, they are so much better
that way.

5. While the eggs are cooking, heat up the beans.

6. See, Iwasn't lying when I said this recipe takes some work. There are a lot of different
things to cook and heat up. To assemble the burritos, first heat up the tortillas. You can
throw them all in the oven, or you can place them directly over a gas burner for about 5
seconds per side.

7. Take a warm tortilla, and add about 2 tablespoons of chorizo, hash browns, beans, egg,
and cheese. I think adding the cheese last helps to hold the burritos together. Then fold
over the sides of the tortilla and roll it up. Continue until you use up all ofyour
ingredients. You could be able to make 6 large burritos and about 4 extra large burritos.

8. Serve the burritos topped with warm poblano cream sauce and maybe some cilantro.

